first we're going to start with our
basic primer from fascia we're going to
apply this to our entire face and place
our foundation on top I put my face
primer on and I've applied my foundation
so the next item we're going to use is
the Innisfree face powder and it's just
a translucent a white translucent face
powder and basically what that's going
to do is it's going to set your
foundation my big fluffy face brush that
I would got from the face shop pick up
some of it and then just
Pat it on my face that way i can
guarantee that my foundation will stay
on my face and not shift around
throughout the day so now we're going to
move on to the eyes i'm going to first
place my of I primer you want to place
this on your eyelid so that when you put
the eyeshadow on it will stick and again
it won't move like I mentioned this eye
primer i got from misha so i'm just
going to take some and i'm going to put
it all over my eyelid make sure it's on
there without any creases nice and
smooth now i'm going to take my eye
shadow and this big this big brush that
I got from Daiso it's a concealer brush
but for demonstrative purposes I'm going
to use it as an eyeshadow brush and I'm
just going to place that color on my
eyelids you want to pack it on so this
is our list
don't worry if it's a little messy
because we're going to clean that up so
you're going to want to take any fluffy
brush that you have this one is not a
Korean brushes as a mac 217 brush and
I'm just going to run the old hat over
the top of my shadow too soft and out
the line of the shadow that I just laid
down so i'm just doing windshield wiper
movements now i'm going to go in with my
Mirage pilot this is not a Korean
product but i do need it to complete
this look I'm just going to take a brown
color just any brown color that you have
between the shadow and my eyebrow I'm
going to place a right hair right in
that crease to further blend it out so
after you've blended it should look
something like this now we want to
create depth to our I use a little bit
of black just look just a little bit
because it is daytime and you don't want
to be wearing nighttime makeup in the
daytime you going to take a small small
detailer brush this is a Mac pencil
brush place it on the outer corner like
that
okay run it into the crease like that
and blend and you don't want to take
this like any more than about half way
just halfway I'm going to go in with my
brush from the face shot the eyeshadow
brush simple shader brush and I'm going
to take a highlighter color you can use
any color obviously that you like and
I'm going to place it under my brow like
so you see that you're going to bring it
down bring it down and blend
now i have three liner options i can use
my gel liner I can use this felt tip
liner and I can use this liquid liner so
I'm going to go with the gel liner my
face shop angle angle brush alright so i
have my liner on now we're going to move
on to lashes i'm going to use my eyelash
base eyelash primer this was from
Innisfree and it's just a white product
and I'm going to place that on my life I
do apply mascara to the bottom lashes
but I use the tony moly mascara the one
with a round tip since the hairs down
below are smaller so i used a smaller
brush and i just run it across like this
for my lips I'm going to use the mac mac
in chatter box I'm just going to
completely line my lips with a Jordana
burgundy pencil
alright and that does it folks I used um
what I had left of my Korean products
and I put this face together for you I
hope you were able to follow along and
as usual thanks for watching I do have a
cosmetic channel on youtube and i will
place the link right here and you can
click on that and it will take you to my
cosmetic channel i just started so
they're only maybe like a video or two
on there at the time of this recording
so you can go ahead and subscribe to
this channel and that channel and um
stay tuned for more videos as I put them
out thank you for watching and I'll see
you in my next video bye
Oh